[DependencyInjection] Document deprecation of default index/priority … (#21847)
symfony/symfony-docs: service_container/tags.rst

        }
    }

.. deprecated:: 8.1

>     The ``default_priority_method`` option is deprecated since Symfony 8.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``defaultPriorityMethod`` option is deprecated since Symfony 8.1.
```

   (in this example, ``getDefaultKeyName()``), call it and use the returned value;
#. Otherwise, fall back to the default behavior and use the service ID.

.. deprecated:: 8.1

    The ``getDefault<CamelCase index_by value>Name()`` method convention is
    deprecated since Symfony 8.1. Use the :ref:`#[AsTaggedItem] attribute <tags_as-tagged-item>` instead.

The ``default_index_method`` Option
...................................

.. deprecated:: 8.1

>     The ``default_index_method`` option is deprecated since Symfony 8.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``defaultIndexMethod`` option is deprecated since Symfony 8.1.
```
